## Week 3 Reading Assignment: Geoff Boeing Presentation to Urban Planners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cjp4mxvpoBo&feature=youtu.be

When professor Boeing said that he couldn't get his hands on the data he needed to do his dissertation that made me laugh because I have had my own experiences in which I couldn't find the data I needed to do a project. Sometimes I did find the data, but I had to request it from the city. Professor Yoh is right, I am scared of this class. I've only ever learned how to use ESRI so all of this coding is new to me. It was interesting to consider how much income correlates with grids. Before watching this video I used to think that curvy streets were mostly found in rich areas and grids in low income areas. However, like the professor mentioned, there are high income areas in high density cities like Santa Monica that are based on a grid. There are also lower income rural areas that have curvy streets. So just trying to think of it through the lens of income doesn't make sense. I agree that data science doesn't seem welcoming. It would be great if it could be taught in high school. I never considered the fact that we can get data of when certain parts of cities were built from the census. I usually associate the census with only demographic data. I guess if you look over enough years you can see new census blocks being added. I think it is really cool that data science seems to be the one field where copying people or building on their work is okay. It's great that because of professor Boeing's efforts so many people can use the tools that he developed to do their own research. 
